docs/data-sources/images.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lambdalabs_images Data Source - terraform-provider-lambdalabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Available Images Data
---

# lambdalabs_images (Data Source)

Available Images Data



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `images` (Attributes List) List of available images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `architecture` (String) Image architecture
- `created_time` (String) Image creation time
- `description` (String) Image description
- `family` (String) Image family
- `id` (String) Image ID
- `name` (String) Image name
- `region` (Attributes) Region information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--region))
- `updated_time` (String) Image last update time
- `version` (String) Image version

<a id="nestedatt--images--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.region`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Region description
- `name` (String) Region name

Commit message:

refactor: Update image data source schema and tests with filter attribute syntax

docs/data-sources/images.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lambdalabs_images Data Source - terraform-provider-lambdalabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Available Images Data
---

# lambdalabs_images (Data Source)

Available Images Data



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Filter the images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Identifier
- `images` (Attributes List) List of available images (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))

<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `architecture` (String) Filter by architecture
- `family` (String) Filter by image family
- `region` (String) Filter by region name


<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `architecture` (String) Image architecture
- `created_time` (String) Image creation time
- `description` (String) Image description
- `family` (String) Image family
- `id` (String) Image ID
- `name` (String) Image name
- `region` (Attributes) Region information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images--region))
- `updated_time` (String) Image last update time
- `version` (String) Image version

<a id="nestedatt--images--region"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images.region`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) Region description
- `name` (String) Region name
