docs/resources/instance.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lambdalabs_instance Resource - terraform-provider-lambdalabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage instances
---

# lambdalabs_instance (Resource)

Manage instances

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    lambdalabs = {
      source = "elct9620/lambdalabs"
    }
  }
}

provider "lambdalabs" {}

resource "lambdalabs_ssh_key" "primary" {
  name = "terraform"
}

resource "lambdalabs_instance" "stable_diffusion" {
  region_name        = "us-west-1"
  instance_type_name = "gpu_1x_a10"
  ssh_key_names = [
    lambdalabs_ssh_key.primary.name
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_type_name` (String) The instance type name
- `region_name` (String) The instance region name
- `ssh_key_names` (List of String) The SSH Key names to install into instance

### Optional

- `name` (String) The instance name
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The instance ID
- `ip` (String) The public IP address

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).

Commit message:

Add optional file_system_names option to attach file system (#25)
* `file_system_names` added as a optional input

* `file_system_names` added as a optional input - wait func

* `file_system_names` added as a optional input - missing commits

* `file_system_names` added as a optional input - remove unwanted calls

* missing api calling

* removed the binary from commit

* removed imported and not used module

* ineffectual assignment to diags

* go generate ./... with tfplugindocs

docs/resources/instance.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "lambdalabs_instance Resource - terraform-provider-lambdalabs"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manage instances
---

# lambdalabs_instance (Resource)

Manage instances

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    lambdalabs = {
      source = "elct9620/lambdalabs"
    }
  }
}

provider "lambdalabs" {}

resource "lambdalabs_ssh_key" "primary" {
  name = "terraform"
}

resource "lambdalabs_instance" "stable_diffusion" {
  region_name        = "us-west-1"
  instance_type_name = "gpu_1x_a10"
  ssh_key_names = [
    lambdalabs_ssh_key.primary.name
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `instance_type_name` (String) The instance type name
- `region_name` (String) The instance region name
- `ssh_key_names` (List of String) The SSH Key names to install into instance

### Optional

- `file_system_names` (List of String) Optional list of file system names to attach to the instance
- `name` (String) The instance name
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The instance ID
- `ip` (String) The public IP address

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
